between Scottish movements
still tense
I weighed
first service because it grazed the network tape
despite that in that distance
upload online
what happens that seat for a few years was the language
he asked about the network does not sing a sensor
when it is very windy sometimes
effective assets or do not touch it
I know what has happened to that
Rafa laughed
many balls
kanshil fired towards soldier
day 3 today rafa to real showing much more resources
is adapting better will be that that volley was not easy
and just try by the inside
Catwalk Feliciano Verdasco Robredo actress and is determined to be a party
Guadalajara 30 pm
to two others
the increase have been delayed in the runway fund after
it slipped and
although he got caught
nothing to contrapie
two
exp
among other things real rafa leo moura and perfectly
to Spanish territory
although it recovers and andy murray is to work perfectly yahir
with a lynx
and also never in life
to place a possible transfer
his legs
and also the generation with their arms
the effect of the wind
I can not balls
alba kills carafe wanted to work now
that's why you have to look for field trips after resting in tables
from indian wells where they will give us looks for their second title
the end of 2007
the Serbian Novak Djokovic
sports
her sister who is pruning murray
came to quarter to the ball
the professional became a monk
precisely
I think the point required but now andy murray
there's no need to wait know it's an important point of 70 equal
we are the heaviest in it marker
we will respect radio let's see eva faa that calculates well general
gibbs
ips
I
lisicki
exp
your conquests
with this study
works there has aimed to get
senate that today
we have in the center court of indian wells
who comes this right from rafa
I would like
for some time they could show the spurs two winners of rafa nadal and andy
murray
there is a huge difference from the first being what is reaping
a local of california
Many
July coasts said I
wolves from teacher to medium
if I had called 'time man'
so much speed and it carries the wind that direction
the battle
I send you this perfect balloon
ros morley we want all
you have to resign producing this already
it's not my turn it's my turn to climb
the champion trophy
started with tracy and with that 0 to 15
kiko recorded playing there on the net for a pot soon
other lobito
fugitive war
very nearly
he must draw blood
yes yes it will do is that it pointed
go up throws the towel but
he is a great champion he is very fighter
and here a back blow is very difficult
rafa very little got it
control that volley
let's remember that data Murray won the last two matches against naught
religious women that three points
with everything
another sequel and rafael bielsa ball where he pretended amazing incredible
today
wonderful
by the magic of which it has
great champions
fantastic of the game there we go
when checking again aromas here it seems that he had passed
Strange rails to pass
and the wind gets her inside
the government house
there is going to tend to the Lithuanians
Well now
Carlos is image
last night in doncello
as mosquera 2 of last January
He said that it should be repeated
so he's showing andy murray that they're